Why don’t you eat this? That’s not the case,
I've been waiting for you for a few days,
Wow, it’s time to eat. Still waiting for me to eat.
How about this? How much learning have been given to you so that you can act?
Ah, the ones you are waiting for me to eat,
Not yet broken, right?
Why are you arresting a group of people and continuing to help you with your original plan?
What are you talking about? You don’t have to talk like that to them.
Call Huang Tianlong over to me,
I want them to feel confident against you again.
Our chairman is in the factory above your level
Please ask your hair to come over here
Who do they think you are?
It is also not allowed to mix sand cannons on the ground.
What kind of news did you get?
Don’t be fooled by this phenomenon of shrimp soldiers.
Just stop hitting on that chairman of yours.
I really can't stand it anymore